ACL ARR (Action Editor Recommendation Report) Review Form

PAPER SUMMARY
Describe what this paper is about. This should help action editors and area chairs to understand the topic of the work and highlight any possible misunderstandings. Maximum length 20000 characters.

SUMMARY OF STRENGTHS
What are the major reasons to publish this paper at a selective *ACL venue? These could include novel and useful methodology, insightful empirical results or theoretical analysis, clear organization of related literature, or any other reason why interested readers of *ACL papers may find the paper useful. Maximum length 20000 characters.

SUMMARY OF WEAKNESSES
What are the concerns that you have about the paper that would cause you to favor prioritizing other high-quality papers that are also under consideration for publication? These could include concerns about correctness of the results or argumentation, limited perceived impact of the methods or findings (note that impact can be significant both in broad or in narrow sub-fields), lack of clarity in exposition, or any other reason why interested readers of *ACL papers may gain less from this paper than they would from other papers under consideration. Where possible, please number your concerns so authors may respond to them individually. Maximum length 20000 characters.

COMMENTS SUGGESTIONS AND TYPOS
If you have any comments to the authors about how they may improve their paper, other than addressing the concerns above, please list them here. Maximum length 20000 characters.

CONFIDENCE
5 = Positive that my evaluation is correct. I read the paper very carefully and am familiar with related work.
4 = Quite sure. I tried to check the important points carefully. It's unlikely, though conceivable, that I missed something that should affect my ratings.
3 = Pretty sure, but there's a chance I missed something. Although I have a good feel for this area in general, I did not carefully check the paper's details, e.g., the math or experimental design.
2 = Willing to defend my evaluation, but it is fairly likely that I missed some details, didn't understand some central points, or can't be sure about the novelty of the work.
1 = Not my area, or paper is very hard to understand. My evaluation is just an educated guess.

SOUNDNESS
How sound and thorough is this study? Does the paper clearly state scientific claims and provide adequate support for them? For experimental papers: consider the depth and/or breadth of the research questions investigated, technical soundness of experiments, methodological validity of evaluation. For position papers, surveys: consider the current state of the field is adequately represented, and main counter-arguments acknowledged. For resource papers: consider the data collection methodology, resulting data & the difference from existing resources are described in sufficient detail. Please adjust your baseline to account for the length of the paper.

5 = Excellent: This study is one of the most thorough I have seen, given its type.
4.5
4 = Strong: This study provides sufficient support for all of its claims/arguments. Some extra experiments could be nice, but not essential.
3.5
3 = Acceptable: This study provides sufficient support for its major claims/arguments. Some minor points may need extra support or details.
2.5
2 = Poor: Some of the main claims/arguments are not sufficiently supported. There are major technical/methodological problems.
1.5
1 = Major Issues: This study is not yet sufficiently thorough to warrant publication or is not relevant to ACL.

OVERALL ASSESSMENT
Would you personally like to see this paper presented at an *ACL event that invites submissions on this topic? For example, you may feel that a paper should be presented if its contributions would be useful to its target audience, deepen the understanding of a given topic, or help establish cross-disciplinary connections. Note: Even high-scoring papers can be in need of minor changes (e.g. typos, non-core missing refs, etc.).

5 = Top-Notch: This is one of the best papers I read recently, of great interest for the (broad or narrow) sub-communities that might build on it.
4.5
4 = This paper represents solid work, and is of significant interest for the (broad or narrow) sub-communities that might build on it.
3.5
3 = Good: This paper makes a reasonable contribution, and might be of interest for some (broad or narrow) sub-communities, possibly with minor revisions.
2.5
2 = Revisions Needed: This paper has some merit, but also significant flaws, and needs work before it would be of interest to the community.
1.5
1 = Major Revisions Needed: This paper has significant flaws, and needs substantial work before it would be of interest to the community.
0 = This paper is not relevant to the *ACL community (for example, is in no way related to natural language processing).

BEST PAPER
Could the camera-ready version of this paper merit consideration for an 'outstanding paper' award (up to 2.5% of accepted papers at *ACL conferences will be recognized in this way)? Outstanding papers should be either fascinating, controversial, surprising, impressive, or potentially field-changing. Awards will be decided based on the camera-ready version of the paper.

Yes
Maybe
No

BEST PAPER JUSTIFICATION
If you answered Yes or Maybe to the question about consideration for an award, please briefly describe why. 